The video opens with browser windows
in the four quadrants of the screen:
In the upper left, an excerpt
from an article;
In the upper right, a train waiting
to cross a highway;
In the lower right, an owl on a
tree limb;
In the lower-left, a band performing
a song.
The train, owl, and band videos play.
In the upper right, traffic moves
across the highway.
In the lower left, a shaker is played.
In the lower right, the owl
moves its head.
The cursor clicks on different windows.
In the upper-right a text editor appears
in a window that is partially transparent.
In the article in the upper left, a
spotlight highlights a phrase:
"Digitality provides new haunts,
new places for the spectral traces
and strands of communication,
figuration, and affect to circulate."
The article is made partially transparent
The spotlight highlights:
"spectral traces"
Mid-screen on the left, the spotlight
highlights the word: "desktop"
Mid-screen, a long, thin video with
scrolling text appears.
In the band video in the lower left,
hands adjust a controller
Mid-screen, text scrolls left to right:
"sweeping across the screen instantly
collapsed the stark input/output rhythms
of batch-process and command-line
computing into a single, continuous
sweep of user activity."
In the upper-right, the cursor is placed
in the transparent text editor
The cursor types: "The train is on
the tracks. . . ."
In the upper right, a train moves slowly
across the highway
The cursor types: "But look how slowly
it pulls from the station."
A musician moves his hands
over a controller.
Another musician plays a keyboard.
In the upper left, a window with trains
in the distance is brought forward.
Traffic crosses in front of the trains.
In the window in the upper left,
a new article appears.
In the band video, members play
instruments.
The band video is made partially
transparent.
In the article, the spotlight highlights:
"interface, map, contact zone, borders."
mid-screen on the left, the spotlight
highlights: "desktop."
In the upper right, a train
slowly crosses a highway.
In the upper right, a window showing a
train in the distance comes forward.
The window is made partially transparent.
On screen. the cursor cycles through
windows, some partially transparent.
In the upper left, a new article appears.
The band, owls, and trains move in the
browser windows, partially transparent.
In the article, a phrase is highlighted:
"That is why uncomfortable people
can often change a system. They
can see it."
Mid-screen on the left, a word
is highlighted: "desktop."
In the lower right, a window showing
a train crossing gate appears.
The window is made partially transparent.
In the upper left, a new article appears.
The spotlight highlights a phrase: "what
performs a critique cannot also compose."
In the upper left, the window with
once-distant trains comes forward.
The trains now close, approach,
then speed by.
In the upper right, the distant train
moves closer.
In the lower right, the gate on the train
crossing lowers.
The cursor moves the window with the
article to the lower right of the screen.
The article now covers the window with
the train crossing gate.
The band plays in the lower left; trains
speed by in the upper left.
In the lower right, the window with the
crossing gate jumps forward.
In the lower right, a train speeds by,
blowing snow as it passes.
In the upper right, a train speeds by.
In the upper right, a video with scrolling
text appears: "The computer--or more
specifically, the screen--had clearly
become a much more complex
representational space,
an information space."
In the text editor window, the cursor
types: "We need to ask, what comes
before (or after) discourse."
On screen, trains speed by and
the band plays.
In the text editor, the cursor deletes
the word: "ask."
The cursor types in all caps: "FEEL."
The phrase reads: "We need to FEEL what
comes before (or after) discourse."
The cursor cycles through windows; trains
speed by.
In the lower right, the train finishes
speeding by.
Trains speed by in the upper left and
right; an owl sits in the lower right.
In the lower left, the band has finished
the song.
The cursor cycles through windows.
In the text editor, the cursor scrolls
to a list of works cited.
The cursor moves to the top of the screen.
A drop down menu appears;
the cursor selects Stop Recording.